Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good morning.
Jessica Freeman: Hello.
Jessica Freeman: Good morning. Hi.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you today.
Jessica Freeman: Pretty good. Are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good just waking up drinking coffee, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Four hours. Holy cow.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Week.
Jessica Freeman: I'm busy.
Jessica Freeman: I haven't saved. Oh, like
Jessica Freeman: It's just been this persistent feeling of loneliness. I went to a conference like our real estate.
Jessica Freeman: Conference, but you know, I'm new to this industry. I'm new to this town. I don't know anybody
Jessica Freeman: And you know there were lots of people from my office there, but I don't, I don't really know them either. You know, I'm brand new at this place and it felt like the high school cafeteria, like where am I sit, how am I, you know, it's just
Jessica Freeman: You know I'm always bitching because I never have an opportunity to go anywhere. Immediately, buddy. So I, you know, took the initiative. No, I made my I made sure I look nice. I was there early, you know, I tried to interact with people and it I just felt stupid and lonely so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's going to take a while to get
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: acclimated into a new place with new people understand their style of doing things. And, you know, let them get to know you a little bit. It does take time. How long have you been how long ago to do move here.
Jessica Freeman: I got here on Christmas Eve.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's gonna take a little bit of time.
Jessica Freeman: I know but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's just
Jessica Freeman: I'm really glad to be able to go back to Indianapolis. This weekend and get some love. We're leaving tomorrow morning and got my suitcase out. Got the laundry done. And I don't just have to like prepare myself for the trip you know I gotta prepare people to take care of my son, which that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Kind of
Jessica Freeman: A big deal and my dog and they both, you know, they only love me like they only want me so it's going to be referenced everybody
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, but they'll acclimate to and the more the more that you're getting out in your, you know, getting to know people in the area. The more that you are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Starting to socialize, they'll get used to it to you have to remember to that not only are they dealing with their uncomfortable ability, but also yours too. They feel it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Oh, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's everything's gonna be okay. It just takes time.
Jessica Freeman: I know, I know.
Jessica Freeman: I know, I know, but
Jessica Freeman: It just sucks right now.
I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know it probably took me about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Four or five, six months to get acclimated when I moved to it took a while.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you have your own routine. You have your own group of people. You have your own life going on and then you totally uproot moved to a new place, and it just takes time.
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I just, you know, I'm when I was planning this move. I thought surely you know it would happen quicker.
Jessica Freeman: I set an expectation we know how dangerous. Those are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah definitely no expectations to any outcomes at all because it's always how it's supposed to be not how we want it to be.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Jessica Freeman: Yeah. Also, you know, I don't know if I'm ever gonna have the
Jessica Freeman: Like the
Jessica Freeman: The full time go get them attitude that I would need and commitment to be a realtor
Jessica Freeman: On
Jessica Freeman: The resilience. You need to be in sales. I'm not sure that have that. And I went to this conference, and I learned a lot.
Jessica Freeman: And you know I'm learning. I'm watching all these people around me that are realtors like this is what I said I wanted to do. So I'm learning all about it and I don't know if that's really what I want to do. But one of the breakout sessions was
Jessica Freeman: It was about like branding and marketing and I did some of that at my last job, and I loved it and I got real excited and real passionate about that.
Jessica Freeman: I don't think I'm real passionate or excited about selling houses. And I don't think that I have, you know, 80 hours a week to commit to a career like that.
Jessica Freeman: And emotionally like that. You got to be all in that was actually the theme of the conferences ALL IN. I DON'T HAVE ALL IN FOR THAT I got all in for my kid.
Jessica Freeman: And I got all in for, you know,
Jessica Freeman: dabbling in some other things.
Jessica Freeman: Wish I could just work for myself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What would you do
Jessica Freeman: Web development and like social media marketing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe look into.
Jessica Freeman: I'm not qualified, I'd have to go back to school.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What would that take
Jessica Freeman: Well, I just started the process like in the past week to get my student loans out of default and the main motivation for that was so they can keep my 50 $600 tax refund.
You
Jessica Freeman: But
Jessica Freeman: You know, of course. Okay, so three months from now, my student loans will be our default. And then I would have to, like, you know, apply for more not big on on that.
Jessica Freeman: But I don't know. I mean, I guess if I were going to be in business for myself the credentials wouldn't so much matter as the work product.
Jessica Freeman: And there's a place called. It's a website called Code Academy
Jessica Freeman: Which I've done before, but
Jessica Freeman: I don't know. I would really need the time to be able to commit to putting together a portfolio and like a good work product. And that's what I don't have right now is the time.
Jessica Freeman: Or the, you know, because I'm working all day and you know my brain is like full even five hours and there for five hours a day and
Jessica Freeman: I
Jessica Freeman: And then my son. And, you know, and I'm not the kind of I don't I don't I try not to make excuses anymore because I did that for so much of my life and I you know I have a hard time accepting other people's excuses. Now because
Jessica Freeman: I'm a reformed excuse maker, but I don't know, I just, I know myself and I know what I have, as far as like resources inner resources and
Jessica Freeman: And I think I would need to not work to be able to learn
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Jessica Freeman: What I need to learn to be able to work for myself.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right so finding
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe just exploring the options and seeing what it would take. And, you know, looking at the amount of money you would make if you did do it versus not doing it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, there's all those what ifs or questions, you know, around, around that piece to, you know, you might find that that financially, it might be worth it for you to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, be able to live off financially for a little bit and just devote to school or you might find that it's not you know feasible.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You won't know till you gather all the facts.
Jessica Freeman: And with like web development and online stuff. I don't, I can do that from anywhere, and I still have actually I know people all over the country.
Jessica Freeman: So I do feel like my sphere of influence could could get me some some decent clientele.
Jessica Freeman: But yeah, it's something I would have to talk to my mom and Bob about because I'm so like my finances are
Jessica Freeman: Very attached to them right now. They do like Bob is the one that did my taxes so he knows what my refund is going to be
Jessica Freeman: And I think that they feel a lot more comfortable with the situation, knowing that I'm going to get that amount of money to be a cushion and to also, you know, keep up with with what I owe them.
Jessica Freeman: So they might be open to it.
Mm hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Won't know till you try
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, well, my spending the next three days together, same hotel room, same rental car.
I mean,
Jessica Freeman: I'm just, you know, preparing for
Jessica Freeman: Like, I know there's it she's sick, too, which is the worst. I just talked to her this morning.
Jessica Freeman: Actually, it's kind of pissed me off the last night. I'm going to bed and I get a text message from Bob's daughter in law Kelly.
Jessica Freeman: nice girl, but she had, like, I'm an Earthship from her since Christmas, and I've, you know, been here in Albuquerque. This whole time and I'm internship, whatever. So she sends me this text, and she's like,
Jessica Freeman: Oh, I just really wanted to, you know, see if you have any tips or instructions on how to take care of key in on Saturday. And I'm like,
Jessica Freeman: I didn't even know that Keon was going to your house.
Jessica Freeman: So I texted my mom and I said, Have you made any other plans for my son, while I'm gone. And I don't know about.
Jessica Freeman: And she's sick. She's like our way to the doctor and she feels like hell. And I'm like, Mom, we're flying and like 23 hours. This is not good timing. So she's going to be cranky skating in our own world. Not going to feel good.
Jessica Freeman: Which
Jessica Freeman: Like it wasn't bad enough if she was just normal
Jessica Freeman: Am I making any sense.
Jessica Freeman: Uh huh. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I think you got to focus, you know, on the prize and that is spending time with your son and being able to have some peace and at the same time, you know, have empathy for your mom if she's not feeling good.
Jessica Freeman: Oh,
Jessica Freeman: I mean, it's just that she's and I don't know how much we've talked about my mom, but she has no emotional regulation skills. She projects her emotions, whatever she's going through. She projects it around her.
Jessica Freeman: Just she can get real nasty.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When
Jessica Freeman: I didn't even do anything or, you know,
Jessica Freeman: The person that she's talking to and projecting on didn't do a damn thing. And she's just nasty because that's how she feels
Jessica Freeman: Mean, which kind of wears on me.
Sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you've been dealing with it. Your whole life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I have
Jessica Freeman: But I didn't really recognize what she was doing because I was doing it to for so long. And now I know how to not be that way. And it's, it's just exhausting.
Jessica Freeman: And I am going to worry about key and the whole time that I'm gone, I'm going to worry about my dog because he's old and he doesn't respond to anybody but me.
Jessica Freeman: I'm going to worry pull time and then I'm also going to be worrying about like dynamics Brendan, am I paying him enough attention because I've made plans with my friends like I plan to see my friends while I'm there because I need it.
Jessica Freeman: We mean so I don't want to like
Jessica Freeman: Short change Brendan, because this whole trip is like, it's about him. And I told her, I'm coming to see you. It's all about you being there for you, supporting you, with your robotic stuff and with your birthday celebrating you. That's the purpose of this trip and it is
Jessica Freeman: But personally, you know, on a side level like I miss
Jessica Freeman: My friends, I need to see them. I need some love right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, remember that self care is really important and being able to get that time, you know, with your friends and your support system is just as important. It has to be
Jessica Freeman: I'm going to pick up my two year token on Saturday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Night.
Jessica Freeman: And then some friends are going to be there to support me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sounds like it's gonna be fun.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so. Yeah, don't, don't be stuck in the Guild part of it all. I mean, you give your son, you know, 100% when you're with him and you give your sobriety and your friends and your support system 100% when you're with them, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It will make you hopefully feel better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And a lot stronger to come back and face.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Where you're at over here, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, that's definitely what I'm hoping for. And it's just
Jessica Freeman: I'm just, you know, adding mom being sick and all of that. It's just, that's an that's a source of worry that I didn't have before that. Now, I do. So I was emotionally preparing myself mentally preparing myself to be really tolerant.
Jessica Freeman: Patient and
Jessica Freeman: Not take it personally. You know, just meet her where she is.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so she's going to be spending time with you with your son, but she's not going to be spending time with you and your with your friends.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Correct. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, which will give you some time, you know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you guys live together to on top of it all. So you guys need that time. No.
Jessica Freeman: I live with my mom I live with my little boy and my dog in a house.
Jessica Freeman: Or she actually Bob and I guess now they own it together.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, no.
Jessica Freeman: My mom and I could never live together. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I get that. Very much so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not just got it.
Jessica Freeman: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was gonna say you just gotta focus on you know why you're there and you know really hone in on that piece.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Stay out of guilt. Stay out of, you know, the what ifs. Stay out of all of it and just take one step at a time. While you're there as freedom and as something that's sorely needed right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely your, you know, your baby's going to be fine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's gonna be tough.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But he's going to be fine. It's not like you leaving for a week or a month you're leaving four hours.
Jessica Freeman: Well,
Jessica Freeman: For a few days like we're leaving first thing tomorrow morning, and we'll get back late on Sunday. And then he'll go right back to school on Monday. So we won't have any real time together. It's, you know, he needs that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you'll get all week and he'll get next weekend and he'll get from from you. Getting back forward right
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you have to remember that, too.
Jessica Freeman: So usually if I was going to leave my kid was somebody when I was going out of town. It would be my mom.
Jessica Freeman: Or his paternal grandmother in Michigan, I trust her.
Jessica Freeman: I just don't know how it's going to go with Bob, I just don't know how it's good. Go.
Jessica Freeman: I guess I have no control over that you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know, and you might be surprised, and it might go. Awesome.
Jessica Freeman: Like don't like the fact that they're making plans for him that I don't know about. I don't like that.
Jessica Freeman: And I'm sure that will my mom and I will discuss it later today. She's picking him up from school today and I'm working till four so she'll be here when I get home.
Jessica Freeman: And we'll talk about it, but I am I don't like that.
Jessica Freeman: I don't like that when anybody does that
Like
Jessica Freeman: In order for me to prepare you to deal with him. I need to know what kind of situations, you're going to be going into
Jessica Freeman: You know, go into the sensory gym.
Jessica Freeman: I can give you a list of instructions on that. Okay. If you're gonna, you know, be at home.
Jessica Freeman: I definitely have a good list of instructions for that. Are you going to go to the grocery store instructions for the urine mean bio Park, whatever, just tell me where you plan on taking him so that I can prepare you
Jessica Freeman: And that'll make me feel better because then he'll get what he needs.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That makes perfect sense.
Jessica Freeman: It feels disrespectful or no, but I'm not going to take it personally. I'm just telling you. That's how I feel. And when I speak with mom and Bob later I will express
Jessica Freeman: Politely just as I did to you, you know, like this is why I want to know. So that so that key and we'll get everything he needs.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you have the right to know. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I don't like still like that don't make plans for my kid. Well, I'm gone. I don't know about. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: If it was a typical kid that's one thing, whatever, you know, typical kids are going to do typical things and typical people can handle it. Um, but, you know,
Jessica Freeman: He's not
Jessica Freeman: He's very severely autistic and he has a lot of needs.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Makes sense.
Jessica Freeman: And they kind of fell down on the job. The other day, man. They watched him for like an hour and a half, so that I could go to a meeting.
Jessica Freeman: Hour and a half later, I get home and he's got like dried crusted poop all over his whole bottom area and they haven't paid attention to this and he gets really bad rashes, you know, it's not okay. And I had to take them directly and put them in the tub and meditate, hour and a half, okay.
Jessica Freeman: makes me nervous. I'm going to worry about him the whole time I'm sure he'll be alive. He'll be alive.
Jessica Freeman: And well, but
Jessica Freeman: He's the one that suffers and he can't tell. He can't say no, Grandpa, Bob, I need you to do this or this is how I'm feeling or I'm you know this hurts, he, he can't. He can't communicate
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which makes it tougher. How old is he again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Five. Yeah, yeah, whatever.
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Cognitively apparently he's less than two years old, his recent testing.
Jessica Freeman: Said that, but I also don't feel like they got the real key and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I mean,
Jessica Freeman: I think you need to spend some real time with them to really get a handle on who he is and what he can and can't do,
Jessica Freeman: Right, but it is what it is.
Jessica Freeman: I wasn't very happy with that assessment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't blame you. I wouldn't be either at all because you do know I'm better than anybody else, you know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that you're probably right. You know, they see him one time have you know do all these tests on them. And the person that you see is something completely different.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, it also I'm like reading about what they did to prompt him. And I'm like, well, that's not the way to get him to do anything, you know,
Jessica Freeman: I'm the way to get them to cover is yours and run away from you. That's, that's what he'll do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But
Jessica Freeman: You know I'm mom. It is. It just is what it is like, I can't do anything about it, but it's good because he'll get all the services that he needs. I'm
Jessica Freeman: Still don't have an IEP meeting setup. They just, I started this process in January and it's March. Now it's really frustrating.
Jessica Freeman: Wow. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And he still doesn't have an IEP.
Jessica Freeman: He has an old, outdated IEP from 2017 and then he's undergone all these evaluations and I've had all the like the post evaluation meetings like we went over his MIT.
Jessica Freeman: And we're supposed to have an IEP meeting so he'll have a new updated IP so he can get his new update and services, you know, three years later.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, so
Jessica Freeman: I don't even. I think you might be getting an hour of services. A week right now and he needs a lot more than that.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so. Any appointment set yet or
Jessica Freeman: I emailed the team because I know we're supposed to hear back. I didn't hear back. So I emailed the team and I initiated it and
Jessica Freeman: There's been a little bit on the email chain like Georgia O'Keeffe school somehow got involved and I was like he doesn't
Jessica Freeman: I don't think you need to be involved because he goes to coral charter and he's getting tested through APS at the special education complex and then the IEP meeting is it didn't Chavez Elementary. So I'm not sure where that's coming from anyway. It's a cluster. It's a cluster.
Jessica Freeman: And I'm the one that has to like follow up because I don't have quite enough going on in my life.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, which is frustrating.
Jessica Freeman: I am I'm frustrated
Jessica Freeman: I'm frustrated and I'm lonely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What are you gonna do about the lonely part
Indianapolis.
Jessica Freeman: It's going to help
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It what it is going to help
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And when you get back
Jessica Freeman: When I get back.
Jessica Freeman: Hopefully my cup will be full and I can go a little while longer before I start feeling like this again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What. How have things been going since you've been going to meetings. Have you made friends have you acclimated into the community. So, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Well, early on I made one friend who we never actually hung out but she asked me to give a lead at her home group. So I did that. And I haven't heard from her sense so
Jessica Freeman: I did make a friend at work. But then she's moving to Oklahoma. So that's great.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I think that's about it.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, give yourself a little more time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you putting yourself out there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To be approachable whenever you go to meetings or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or do you stay guarded
Jessica Freeman: I would say 70% guarded 30% open. It depends on you know how much time. Can I spend, you know, can I get there early and talk to people.
Jessica Freeman: I don't know, I haven't met my demographic. I'm not seeing my peer group in terms
Jessica Freeman: And that was something even the women's meetings like back in Indianapolis. I had this women's meaning that I would go to and have like 50 or 60 women. Everybody knew each other. Everybody was super supportive and that meeting fed me every Saturday morning, and here I can't, I can't find
Jessica Freeman: You know my playground buddies.
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I haven't found them yet.
Jessica Freeman: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yet
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just keep that it will happen. Just keep that yet in your mind. Don't be, you know, stay open to it and you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely the people that you will surround yourself with in New Mexico is going to be different than where you came from.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I know.
Jessica Freeman: I have to like it.
Jessica Freeman: You know, I'll stay the course. Like, I'm sure good things will happen. Like I have faith, okay God brought me here. He wants me here. There's a reason. Don't know what it is.
Jessica Freeman: But I know that I have to do the work you know
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: So I talked to my sponsor last night, and we're going to get together when I get back. And she's really cool like I try not to be friends with sponsors ease and sponsors but then there's a relationship that grows. And that's, that's good. It's going well with my Albuquerque sponsor.
Jessica Freeman: But I wouldn't like call her to go hang out or anything.
Mm hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's nobody that you've met and in the server community that you would want to go have coffee with or
Jessica Freeman: Not yet. No.
Jessica Freeman: And there's, I mean a bunch of blue hairs and then
Jessica Freeman: You know, it's more culturally diverse here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Jessica Freeman: I'm just not. I'm not comfortable and I'm sure a lot of it is me and I just need to get over it, but
Jessica Freeman: I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's probably a piece of it. You know, I think you're looking for something that you've already got in Indianapolis and you want it to be the same because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what that gives you. You know how good you feel when after you're done with that, but when you come to a new state you come to a new culture.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You come to, you know, new people, they're not going to be the same. They're going to be different.
Jessica Freeman: I'm good with different
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Jessica Freeman: I'm just not good with nothing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me what are blue hairs.
Jessica Freeman: All people
Oh,
Jessica Freeman: I guess we could call him. What's the word right now. Oh Boomer yeah boomers.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right. Gotcha. Maybe you just need to expand your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Expand what meetings, you go to
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, look.
Jessica Freeman: Trying to go to like women's meetings and I keep running into the same issue with women's meetings.
Jessica Freeman: Like everybody's pretty old.
Jessica Freeman: But then, I don't know, do they even have a young people's group in Albuquerque. I don't know, but I'm 40 years old, but I don't necessarily feel
Jessica Freeman: Attracted to the young people screw, Peter. Where are my people were
Jessica Freeman: People like me who are moms and
Jessica Freeman: You know, work and struggle and you know that cup of coffee is a big deal like where are those people I need those people. So yeah, I mean branch out to different meetings and
Jessica Freeman: I mean, I've tried that I have. But maybe you need to double down on my efforts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and maybe think outside the box a little bit, maybe, you know, I'm looking into support groups with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For parents of kids with autism.
Jessica Freeman: And while I'm I'm involved in some Facebook groups. And every now and again, they'll have an event. So I'm definitely keeping my eye open for like a mom's night out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm trying to think of other kinds. There's i know i i pulled up online. The other day emotion. There's something called emotion meeting.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which I've never heard of, but it's about dealing with, you know, your emotions and it's a support group to just like a na
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which I was kind of blown away and new type of meeting that I've never heard of before.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But it definitely sounded interesting, because we all struggle with emotion regulation and with the emotions and you know how to get through the tough ones and all of that stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I would definitely research it and see what's all in your area and what your options are, you know,
Jessica Freeman: I will do that.
Jessica Freeman: And definitely
Jessica Freeman: We're down the women for recovery thing haven't had a chance to look into it honestly that I will be on a plane for many, many hours tomorrow and
Jessica Freeman: Then the affirmations. So I ended up ordering this little
Jessica Freeman: It's like 50 self affirmation cards and you know I went through and I looked at a lot of different products and I thought this one was pretty cool. And then it would be good for me.
Jessica Freeman: Mm hmm. It'll be here on Saturday, which means I will get it Sunday night.
And I know
Jessica Freeman: So yeah, I am trying to like implement the stuff that we talked about.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good, good. It's important you know that you do. What about any kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What do you do for relaxation, such as do you meditate. Do you listen to TED talk, do you, what do you do for for that type of stuff. Well,
Jessica Freeman: I have a radio show from Indianapolis, but I've been addicted to for years and I listened to them pretty much every day and I listened to the podcast.
Jessica Freeman: And then I also subscribe to like the podcast network which is podcasts of different variety, like I just finished one on
Jessica Freeman: Espionage, and there's one for like female criminals crimes of passion dictators, you know, just kind of going over the history of those people and then like their demise, or whatever.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: So I enjoy that. And I listen I listen to podcasts quite a bit. I mean, every day really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Jessica Freeman: And I do watch TV. I had sometimes all the true crime gets a little heavy. So I took. I have a break from from that for a couple weeks and I watched once upon a time. I don't know if you've seen that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, it's a cute show but you know just stupid fairy tale shed and happily ever afters and just kind of enjoyed a break from all the heavy
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: But that's over now. And so now I'm back into what I watched Narcos Mexico.
Jessica Freeman: What are watching right now. I watched the trials of Gabriel Fernandez
Jessica Freeman: Really light readings are like watching
Jessica Freeman: Stuff, but
Jessica Freeman: I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's your interest, though.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I do. I mean I it's it's it's interesting, but I also like
Jessica Freeman: Lighter stuff.
Jessica Freeman: It's just my feet is always suggesting new shows. And I'm like, ooh, that's really interesting. You know, it's horrible and devastating.
Jessica Freeman: And graphic. Oh my god. Okay, so I hate shows like
Jessica Freeman: Like Real Housewives. And like the Bachelorette. And I don't want, I haven't watched haven't had cable TV's since 2007 and I don't miss
Jessica Freeman: It.
Jessica Freeman: Like I'm in Netflix.
Jessica Freeman: You know prime Hulu Disney plus Apple TV. Plus, like, you name it. I've got the streaming service.
Jessica Freeman: So that's my bag, rather than cable and so I don't watch that Bachelorette shit. I just don't
Jessica Freeman: And I have it for years. But Netflix, just put one up. Love is blind, have you seen it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I saw the preview of it, but I haven't
Jessica Freeman: Okay. It is not my cup of tea, like this is never a show that I would choose to sit down and like spend, you know, 45 minutes per episode of my life on but I'm watching it.
Jessica Freeman: I don't know why I just, I heard about it on my radio program. I was like, Okay, I'm gonna watch it. So I had this dream last night, me and my vivid fucking dreams.
Jessica Freeman: Like I was one of the participants in the show and I had like three dudes that were in love with me and wanted to propose me and it was like so far from reality so stupid. Not my style at all. I have to stop watching it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But
Jessica Freeman: That's my dream.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because it connects with the loneliness part
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, you're lonely right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that really kind of affects that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, one thing that we as humans want is to feel and be loved.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and when we don't have that. And we're struggling with loneliness. It makes sense that your subconscious has attached itself to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that type of show because who wouldn't want to be you know adored by three by three men, you know, makes perfect sense. Really, and it's okay because it attaches to that inner need
Jessica Freeman: Nothing. Oh, and I'm like yelling at the TV.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, this is never gonna work.
Jessica Freeman: You don't know each other like
Jessica Freeman: You didn't ask the questions to get to know each other. You guys are just like flirting and, you know, now it's gotten to the sexual point and it's like you're all idiots. None of these relationships are going to work.
Jessica Freeman: And then I'm then it then it puts me down. The, the, you know, the rabbit hole on well I'm 40 years old, like
Jessica Freeman: It's probably over for me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know that there there have been people that have found love in their 50s in their 60s. And you know what I mean, right now I think you've been taking time for you. You just moved to a new state.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You are trying to get acclimated acclimated into a new community trying to build. I mean, you have a lot on your plate right now, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And there's that that guard that's up to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So once you get comfortable and you get acclimated in in your new surroundings and you're building your sober support it will come at the right time, I fully believe that it will come at the right time right now. It's just not the right time.
Jessica Freeman: Definitely not the right time.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What would you do with it. If a man walked in your life right now.
Jessica Freeman: I don't know i i feel like i would
Jessica Freeman: Push them right out.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've got a lot
Jessica Freeman: Yep. I think that's exactly what I would do. And I don't want to do that. No.
Jessica Freeman: But that's, that's what I would do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so the reality of it is, is that yes, you're lonely and you're dealing with the loneliness. But right now is is is not an awkward, you know, a good time for you to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Engage in in a relationship or, you know, that type of stuff. When you get more settled and you get to a point where you're comfortable your guard goes down.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: People feel that. And that's when you that's when somebody will walk into your life that you've just got to give yourself time, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, you're right.
Jessica Freeman: That makes sense. I've actually been toying with the idea of like online dating, but you just asked me that question and yeah
Jessica Freeman: I don't need to date right now.
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I really am miss the drama of dating. I really, really don't
Jessica Freeman: So I'm good with it. And honestly, the loneliness is more about like just people not love per se, just like relationships friendships.
Jessica Freeman: People that care about me somebody that knows me, anybody here that we just like have taken the time to get to know who I am and vice versa. Like, that's what I want.
Jessica Freeman: I don't need no boyfriend.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I need domain.
Jessica Freeman: It's true.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you got to take it easy. And remember, through your trip, you know, over the weekend breed. When you feel you know that you're getting frustrated with being how things are going with your mom just step back and breathe, you know, give yourself that that time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To be able to do it. You know, you're going to have a field weekend.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know it's going to be exciting. And it's going to be fun and you're, you know, you're going to touch on happiness that you haven't felt for a little while and just live in that moment, man. Just enjoy it, you know, love on your friends.
Jessica Freeman: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Turn love on your son love on yourself.
Jessica Freeman: You know, I have been on like the brink of tears and I hate crying like every day. I'm finding one or two moments where I'm like, almost about to cry. And sometimes it's over dumb shit like a TV commercial or, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Just don't dump something dumb, but
Jessica Freeman: Just, I find myself right at the brink of tears like multiple times a day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you know you're in, you're out of your comfort zone. You're out of you know what you know you are far away from the people that you know support you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know what, you know, and you're trying to get acclimated and a whole news environment whole new system, trying to figure people out and I know from moving. I moved from Oregon to California. People are different in California versus who I was with an Oregon. You know what I
Jessica Freeman: Mean
Oh, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like yeah
Jessica Freeman: Great, though. I mean, like, it seems like everybody's really, you know, laid back and easy to talk to. Very friendly polite and then the tailgating
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, there's some serious tailgating in the city. I don't get it.
Jessica Freeman: Like, we're not going to get there any faster with you on my ass. There's like 70 cars in front of me.
Jessica Freeman: To getting dangerous.
Jessica Freeman: But anyway.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah seem really nice here, there is the cultural difference though. I mean, I'm skinny Midwestern WHITE BITCH. That's me.
Jessica Freeman: I don't know that much about Native American and Latino cultures. I don't believe in English.
Jessica Freeman: It's, I don't know, it's just a lot different.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is a lot different. And the more that you, the longer that you're there, the more you'll get acclimated, the more you'll understand Learn to learn about these other cultures. You know what I mean, and be able to partake in whatever. One thing that I know about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: About Latino and Hispanic cultures is that they are. They have big huge families.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And their Picnics are out of this world, because it's just huge. And a lot of people
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But once you find, you know that that system and you acclimate into it. You'll fit right in. You will just gotta give yourself a little bit more time.
You know,
Jessica Freeman: But in the meantime, indie
Jessica Freeman: Be so excited to go back to Indianapolis.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, because you you're recognizing all the good that you did have there. You know what I mean.
Jessica Freeman: And I did take the time
Jessica Freeman: Before I left to like recognize what I had there and make the choice to walk away from it knowing what that would mean because in the last three, four or five years. That's when I've learned how to be a you know worker among workers, you know, one of many
Jessica Freeman: For a good friend.
Jessica Freeman: You know, sister, all that. So I know, I know what I had there and I don't ever want to take it for granted. So I'm just going to go
Jessica Freeman: Love the love.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and that's going to help you feel better to, you know, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So remember that whenever you're you're on the brink of dying or you're not feeling settled that, you know, this is just a moment and it's going to you're going to get through it, it will pass. It's okay. You're sitting in an uncomfortable spot.
Jessica Freeman: Which I've learned in my recovery is. That's when you're growing right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One thing that we don't like is is a whole lot of change and you've made this huge big drastic change. You know what I mean. And now you've got to let your emotions and your mental state your physical state.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And your social state, all of it, get acclimated to the changes that you've presented for it. And, you know, finance, it just, it's just not long enough.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So be patient.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It will come
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It will
Jessica Freeman: All. Hang on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much, though. And, you know, just again. Enjoy yourself this weekend and just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, absolutely. Good talk
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just good I'm excited for you. I'm glad that you're going back to get you know your cup full I'm very excited for you, and I hope that when you come back next week you'll feel refreshed.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean and ready to take on the world and have that passion.
Jessica Freeman: I hope so too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's gonna be big.
Jessica Freeman: Really good for me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Take lots of pictures.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I should do that. I really should do that and never think to take pictures.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. Yeah. Yeah. But phone
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Itself pictures.
Jessica Freeman: I got a phone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It takes pictures.
Jessica Freeman: I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Especially with, you know, with your son. You know what I mean, being able to take pictures with him and you know you. It's an experience of a lifetime. So being able to walk through this with them and have those memories you know for you and him later is going to be big.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, he's, he's pretty excited that we're coming so
Jessica Freeman: It's pretty cool. I don't know if I told you this but January 31 this year was my 40th birthday. And before I even got out of bed. I had a text from my teenage son who was the first to tell me happy birthday.
Jessica Freeman: I don't know how many teenage sons are thinking about their mom's birthday. First thing in the morning, but that
Jessica Freeman: meant a lot to me. And then my little, little boy climbed in bed with me. So before my feet even hit the floor on my 40th birthday. I was up in the clouds.
Awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Awesome. That means a lot. You know what I mean. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so, that means a lot to be able to to know that. How old is your son. He's 17
Jessica Freeman: He'll be 17 at the end of this month.
Wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's pretty amazing.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, that reminds me. This is kind of like a birthday thing I need to have something for him for his birthday, and I need to do that by Saturday morning, I can do this.
Jessica Freeman: I can do it. I don't know how, but I will
Jessica Freeman: Why am I thinking about this so late.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you've been thinking about 100 other things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In order
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, good point.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, a list. Write it down. You know what I mean, write a list of things that you need to do that so that you don't forget, and that you're on top of it. That's what I always do I write a list of things that I need to do.
Jessica Freeman: I try to do that. I've just I've been going through this process of qualifying for Medicaid and I've had to request and follow up on all this stuff from Indiana.
Jessica Freeman: And my to do list has been written Nicholas for like the last three weeks.
Jessica Freeman: Just yeah just with stuff. Just following up on this to make sure that you know I need my deadline and, you know, they, they're getting what they're asking for it, it's relevant.
Jessica Freeman: And it's just been insane like checking my mail every day and I'm getting like email message. I mean, I've had eight pieces of mail in one day, just from like the Medicaid office.
Jessica Freeman: And wow shifted. I need to do. So it's been overwhelming.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I guess that isn't that is a lot
Jessica Freeman: And I still don't have it. Like there's still there's still something I'm a couple things. I'm waiting on and I hope they get here in the mail weekend so that I can turn them in on Monday and let that be done.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, it's been an ordeal.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's crazy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's a lot of work.
Jessica Freeman: It is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The great
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: part about it is that you're able to do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, I mean,
Really
Jessica Freeman: It could be for my life.
Jessica Freeman: And like a responsible about stuff and get get us the things that we need
Mm hmm.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So whenever you start feeling overwhelmed. Think about that piece switch it around into in your brain to that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am present a, you know, I am able to to walk these steps and get these things at this place needs. I will be glad when it's over with and I don't have to do this anymore but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am able to do it right now. And that, you know, kind of switches that that heavy negative thought to to, you know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah paradigm switching it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Totally it just totally you know when you start having negative thoughts at a butt and add, you know, don't forget the but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Focus on the positive part of it. You know what I mean. And that's a way to kind of change that thought process about it all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know you're busy, busy woman and you're still, you know, working hard at
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Trying to put your recovery first and and take care of your son. And you know what I mean. And it's, it's a tough position to be in. All those little moments that you have that you get to breathe get to watch. Once upon a time, and you get to, you know, do those things are important moments.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, GET OUT OF what reality is and it's a good really it's it's a better escape. If you think about it, you know, once upon a time is so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: fairy tales that you know you know we can't possibly be real, but just being able to escape from what reality really looks like right now and the heaviness of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Jessica Freeman: And there's like so much positivity in that show, you know, like a family really
Jessica Freeman: Close together and they, you know, true love, and they care and they'll save each other at all find you. Oh.
Jessica Freeman: You know, it's just this heart pulling type stuff.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, it's good, it's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I needed to really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I really enjoy the relationship between the sun and both moms.
Jessica Freeman: Oh, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ya know,
And re
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Henry
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, and I love Regina, like I relate with Regina so much because I used to have my evil queen days like big time.
Jessica Freeman: And, you know, she tries to get better. But then there are struggles and she feels like she's never going to get her happy ending. And she's afraid the things that she cares about like Henry are going to be taken away from her me in Regina, you'd be like so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's kind of cool. You know, when you do when you can relate to a character on TV. You know what I mean, and the struggle is real. You just have to know that, too, you know.
Jessica Freeman: I'm not alone. There are other people in the world. I have the same or similar issues which also brings it around like
Jessica Freeman: My story can help people. So I got to be on top of my shift so that it's not just pour just pour gas but like I can actually help
Jessica Freeman: Other people to get out of self pity and, you know, find solutions to their emotional struggles you know companionship, all that stuff. There's a lot that I can bring to the table.
Jessica Freeman: Yes, I can't just be all about poor me poor me poor me. I can feel it. I feel it. I gotta let it marinate do its thing. But then I gotta like let it go and get out of my house.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. When you start thinking of poor, just think about how awesome Jessica. Jessica is how much she's accomplishing and what she's doing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, just
Jessica Freeman: In comparison, like it's night and day, night and day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's pretty amazing. And you just got to remember that piece to, you know what I mean, you've done a lot. You're doing a lot, you know, you're, you're advocating for your son.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, you're doing all of these great positive things and you got to make sure that you hold on to that at the end of the day to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a lot bigger than then you know just you know you it's it's you, your son, your environment. You know what I mean, your family unit what you're trying to build, you know, all of these things you're working towards, you know, a better life for you guys and you just cannot forget that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're doing a great job.
Jessica Freeman: Thanks, man.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can't you just can't forget that either, you know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's important.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you're going to go this week, and you're going to have an awesome time this weekend.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Awesome time
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're going to come back, you're going to be refreshed.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Full of love and ready to take on the world.
Jessica Freeman: I like the sound of that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's where you need to be right here. OK.
Jessica Freeman: OK.
Jessica Freeman: And leave for work in three minutes and walk up the house so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I will
Jessica Freeman: Thanks for everything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will see you next Friday and I can't wait to hear Thursday. Sorry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can't wait to hear about your trip and how it went.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With you and I will see you Thursday.
Jessica Freeman: Have a great week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, you too, Jessica.
Jessica Freeman: Thanks. Bye.
Bye.